Press either trigger to start
the questionnaire.

I never hesitate to go out of 
my way to help someone in 
trouble.

It is sometimes hard for me to
go on with my work if I am not
encouraged.

I have never intensely disliked
anyone.

I sometimes feel resentful when
I don't get my way.

On a few occasions, I have 
given up doing something 
because I thought too little of
my ability.

I like to gossip at times.

There have been times when I 
felt like rebelling against 
people in authority even though
I knew they were right.

No matter who I'm talking to, 
I'm always a good listener.

I can remember "playing sick" 
to get out of something.

There have been occasions when 
I took advantage of someone.

I'm always willing to admit it 
when I make a mistake.

I always try to practice what
I preach.

I sometimes try to get even 
rather than forgive and forget.

When I don't know something I 
don't at all mind admitting it.

I am always courteous, even to 
people who are disagreeable.

At times I have really insisted
on having things my own way.

There have been occasions when 
I felt like smashing things.

I would never think of letting
someone else be punished for my
wrong-doings.

I never resent being asked to 
return a favor.

I have never been irked when 
people expressed ideas very 
different from my own.

There have been times when I 
was quite jealous of the good 
fortune of others.

I am sometimes irritated by 
people who ask favors of me.

I have never deliberately said 
something that hurt someone's 
feelings.